Sonya belongs to a nomadic tribe that roam the humid jungles of Kalaman. The tribe is made up of mostly Goliaths, Dragonborns and Orcs, as each race has traits that work well with each other. Her tribe is constantly on the move as they have to avoid colossal Kalamese beasts as well as track down fast moving prey. 

For the past four years, the Kalaman jungles were crueler than usual. Tribal members kept running into colossal beasts and predators that were more aggressive than usual, sustaining injuries that eventually led to their loss against their hobgoblin rivals. Prey became harder and harder to find as the jungle tried to starve off the weaker and younger members of the tribe. The breaking point was when a group of scouts entered a moss covered ruin only to come back with insanity in their hearts.

The scouts looked and acted like they normally did, until night fell and they suddenly attacked the leader of the tribe, **Ari**, and her lover, **Vi**. While the leader survived, her lover fell to the surprise attack and she was never quite the same afterwards. The leader pushed the tribe into investigating the ruin, causing death after death. The only thing the tribe was able to conclude was that there was a curse in the ruins that caused the scouts to go insane. 

Now, four years later, Sonya's tribe is on the brink of collapse. There are only a few abled body members who can fight and hunt down prey, with her being the youngest. Despite the dangers of hunting alone, Sonya constantly goes out with just Cal, her hawk familiar, in hopes of finding prey to feed her tribe. It was during one of these trips that ultimately landed her in Barovia.
