Previous Leader
- The previous leader was named **Nori** and his lover was named **Bera**. Nori was a wise Goliath who would constantly try to impart his words of wisdom onto Sonya, only for it to fall on deaf ears. Nori and Bera passed away when Sonya was 10. They died looking for a rare herb when their tribe was being ravaged by a strange and rare disease. Sonya finds herself thinking back to the things Nori used to say, now that he has passed away.
	- Sonya was a headstrong and stubborn child, bordering feral when she was young. Sonya got hit a few times by Nori before she started respecting him.

Enemies and allies
- Their tribe often encounters hobgoblins. Due to how the tribe has *fallen* in the last few years, the tribe has eaten a few things they wouldn't have in the past, such as Heragon

Last four years - expanded
- Sonya was 13 when the Kalaman jungles became crueler than usual and 14 when **Ari** pushed the tribe to explore the ruins. From the ages 14-15, Sonya witnessed her tribe whittle down as tribal members either died in the ruins itself or came back mad, trying to take others down with them. Those that came back mad were taken away from camp to be executed, to ensure the madness would not somehow spread to others via their corpse. By the time the tribe decided to put an end to the exploration, there were only about half of the tribe left, with most of these individuals being those who were not sent out because they could not fight. Watching how this unknown *curse* was able to devastate her tribe, she decided to learn magic as well, leading her to her current skills as an *Eldritch Knight.* When she was 16, she joined the huntsmen of her tribal as was tradition but the lack of abled bodies meant she sometimes went hunting solo - something that Nori would've never approved of. When Sonya was able to cast spells, she chose *Find Familiar* as she needed something who could help her when she went hunting solo. She originally had **Cal** as an *owl,* but when paired with the fact that she had no night vision and was terrible with stealth, she decided to only hunt in the mornings despite finding a magic item that could emit light.