[[Sonya]] and Cal followed a boar into a cave and was unable to get out when a strange mechanism dropped a rock at the cave entrance. They met another trapped individual named **Aedan**, who was a Heragon that had entered the cave to take shelter from the rain. They met a witch who pointed towards unexplored path that *could* lead them out, but requested Aedan be left behind as payment Sonya originally wanted to take the easy way out and give him up, but stopped when she remembered Nori's words and stood up for him. Luckily, the witch was intimidated and let them go without a fight but as they entered the unexplored path, they were knocked unconscious by a heavy mist.

When Sonya woke up, a man named **Ismark** said he found her unconscious in the forest nearby. Sonya resummoned Cal only to see a cursed, undead version of her hawk, which she renamed as **Howl**. Ismark gave Sonya a run down of Barovia, the lands she woke up in and the main things Sonya took from his story was a) the mists has power to drive people insane and keep them in this location/realm, b) there was a group of adventurers trying to escape as well, c) one of the adventurers named **Pilgrim** was mad and d) **Strahd** and his curse is why people haven't been able to escape. Before departing to see if she could catch up with the adventurers, Ismark gave her a map of the realm.

After three days of traveling, Sonya met a large group of travelers named the **Vistani**, as well as the adventurers themselves. She found out that the individual she was most worried about, Pilgrim, was no longer here, and the other adventurers, after discussing between themselves, have decided to let Sonya travel along with them with the goal to escape this place. They introduced themselves as [[Holly Aligar]], [[Mallarda Quackfowl]], [[Isabelle Von Aegir]] and [[Xylac Soilane]]. Of the adventurers, Sonya is most wary of Xylac as there seemed to be something possessing him.

Having no information on Barovia or its surrounding lands, Sonya followed their lead, traveling towards a windmill that supposedly had tasty pastry pies. During the walk, the group argued that the pastry pies were actually meat pies made with children before they were attacked by something known as a "vampire." After scaring away the vampire, they continued going towards the windmill when a raven tried to stop her from entering the windmill. The party sent Howl out to scout the windmill and after hearing whimpers on the third floor, most of the party seemed intent on entering the windmill and rescuing the children. 

As the party debated on how to enter the windmill, they were forced to take action when they felt a presence behind them. Holly entered via the 3rd floor while the rest of the party entered via the front door. After a quick exchange of words with a young lady holding a pie, the party entered combat. The party fought her and her sister while Holly saved the children. They were able to remove one of the sisters before the mother arrived back into the windmill and joined the fight. The mother and remaining sister blipped into another plane. 

Since Xylac fell asleep after eating too many pies, the party decides to explore and stay overnight at the windmill. Xylac wakes up laughing after consuming a potion named "Mothers milk" and Sonya realizes that it was contagious. Reminded too much of the madness that decimated her tribe, Sonya sleeps outside, where she is visited by Strahd. Strahd informs Sonya that he wants Ireena and despite the smart choice to give up a stranger for a way out, Sonya thinks **Nori** would be disappointed and refuses. 

The party sets fire to the windmill and leaves. As they visit an unknown structure behind the windmill, Sonya informs the party of Strahd's visit. She gets frustrated seeing the party not taking this information as seriously as they should be and is even more disappointed when no one is able to find out more about the unknown structure. Besides guessing that it might be a shrine, no one was able to decode the strange language. 

As they travel to **Vallaki**, they get attacked by 5 werewolves. Everyone but Isabelle gets bit and Sonya finds outs that unless she attacks them through some magical means, normal attacks do no damage. They get rescued by wereravens and rush into Vallaki, where the party surmises that those bit are infected with lycanthropy. Due to the high prices of the inn they were at, Sonya and Isabelle split up from the party to sleep at an alleyway. They meet an eccentric shopkeeper called **Blinksy** and end up sleeping at his toy store.

Before resting, Sonya jogs her memory and replaces her memorized spells. She ritual casts 'Comprehend Languages' in the morning and starts reading the books they took from the hags lair. She finds the formula for the "Youth potion" that Mallarda took and notes that the ingredients would make Mallarda freak. Sonya writes out the formula as a prank for Mallarda and leaves with Isabelle to meet up with the party. Unfortunately, the prank affects Mallarda more negatively than expected and derails the party for an hour. 

Grave digging Felix's mother